
Summon Beast
Source: Tasha's Cauldron of Everything
2nd-level conjuration
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 90 feet
Components: V, S, M (a feather, tuft of fur, and fish tail inside a gilded acorn worth at least 200 gp)
Duration: Concentration, up to 1 hour
You call forth a bestial spirit. It manifests in an unoccupied space that you can see within range. This corporeal form uses the Bestial Spirit stat block. When you cast the spell, choose an environment: Air, Land, or Water. The creature resembles an animal of your choice that is native to the chosen environment, which determines certain traits in its stat block. The creature disappears when it drops to 0 hit points or when the spell ends.
The creature is an ally to you and your companions. In combat, the creature shares your initiative count, but it takes its turn immediately after yours. It obeys your verbal commands (no action required by you). If you don’t issue any, it takes the Dodge action and uses its move to avoid danger.
At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 3rd level or higher, use the higher level where the spell’s level appears in the stat block.


Tasha's Mind Whip
Source: Tasha's Cauldron of Everything
2nd-level enchantment
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 90 feet
Components: V
Duration: 1 round
You psychically lash out at one creature you can see within range. The target must make an Intelligence saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes 3d6 psychic damage, and it can’t take a reaction until the end of its next turn. Moreover, on its next turn, it must choose whether it gets a move, an action, or a bonus action; it gets only one of the three. On a successful save, the target takes half as much damage and suffers none of the spell’s other effects.
At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 3rd level or higher, you can target one additional creature for each slot level above 2nd. The creatures must be within 30 feet of each other when you target them.
Spell Lists. Sorcerer (Optional), Wizard (Optional)